good team staff spoke phase missing
9 I saw it in the yard, I'm there.
flowers ruins to warn you that you will avenge
now how many know how to receive
the GDP will change radically for ever
will not be possible in order to
swords will have to use a few short
from now on from a point
new and I wanted to show that I can
change this I'll use is anything but
a sword basically you will power
see that this is you
A king does basically moves is not to lose
Longer and we're just going to go in alone.
I wanted to explain that who has not seen will see
there will be here in the channel the new
minecraft update is tabutau now
we can not train with swords theme
scud us and this is going to be a mini game
super interesting because mine heard me
I will win and if the investors by the I
but now I'm always more severe
to enter the game but as you only know
it seems that oscar ortiz has been improved
somehow have no idea what this
means but let's play this and win
this port reads reads
maybe look oo look at these things
we all won from the start ok
great and I have here an entry
brutal in a neighborhood in the nice we
I need a sword, however.
You need to make a sword already.
probably later soon there is always
search and prove why not risk and
not how to create you know we do not have
The way we do has a sword and
miller is seems old impossible seems
that we have to give ourselves something not
It looks good and I 'm going to try to move from here.
out
try to do something by staying here
it is not a function of the sun
I'm going to break just for dying for tanks.
this sword provider that I make I go
for class and I go
the piauí not me who here ok
present in braga psol so if this
It's okay, let's fight.
It was not what you want to go here for.
explode great touch in the water this is the
sixth time so much sun and without so much more
I just wanted to understand the act of
kill a person you have not met
It's not possible to see yet. Let's do this.
quick or not, this calm
we can not risk it more, ok great
I think a little has a lot more
strong with fear than my sword
therefore all morning and
rafah noise is not need more
nothing is needed other armor northeast
gaucho
pants were once wild
I want to choose but we do not choose
here quickly when we seek
I love puma because it was intense and
some boots can be our beloved ones
boots I liked the pants
Ok we have at least this is normal that
anything is needed before anything
of body protection but as there was neo
As I have seen, I will not change anything already.
I just want to take this off.
does not pay does not have a sword
beyond this magnificent stone wheel sun
Personal this is easy is not personal
many practice now will no longer be
possible to do should be a more
a player however does not know that he is
with wine and try to discover who you like
that I can give you a surprise face or
Something like this but it will be possible to book
attacking at the same time will only be one of the
news from the new 1.9 will be possible
use a shield however back of the
interview and becoming interested in another
then I'll try to go try foreheads
prevent the act for example won the
central armor
if I have a great one who does not have to
nothing is trying to find out that I but
I did not want to risk any more because I
I can get very personal surprise not
have any would be a pretension of leather
the country means everything is personal and
sees and operates something has no flash
the only ok I have only got a stick of
to fish
let's not go metal but let's take a risk
just because in risk and not how to create ok
because it is far more than 150 absolon
are Luis but what makes him wait
Let's put what water is and let's go
To risk now has to be close as
it is possible three people still provides
or get all this crap but that
only you liked it, I can speak in
see the continuity of the pipe but as
also talk about the sun on very
soon cease to exist just as the
We know it's going to be now is not to use a
shield instead of defend with sword goes
make things weirder and
people realize the staff will not like it
of the idea but it's much better for you
bis neighborhoods to 5 text I count on the
yours have a hug and until the next